## Tue 08/13/2019

Its been WAY too long. I mean, its been 4 months since the last entry, am I
right? Of course I'm right. Below it said it was MAY!

## Sun 05/26/201

Before we get started, I just wanted to point out it's been a month and 7 days
since the last entry. All that's happened is weekends and school days. Don't
worry about it. But remember, potluck will happen this week!

    First, Mom, Andrew, Maxine, and I went to Starbucks. We got Vanilla Bean and
    so and so. Next, we went to Goodwill, where there was NOTHING. So we went to
    Grandma's. There, Maxine and I socialized with kids there while Mom and
    Grandmother talked. We soon went and about to Deylah's, but they weren't
    home, so we went to Costco instead. We got trash bags, baby clothes, etc.
    Soon, we came home, and then Mom and Dad went out and about. They came back
    to get ready for somebody's funeral. We went to park, and then we came back
    to home, watched Attack on Titan, and done. That's basically it for today!
    

## Fri 04/19/2019

On Thursday it was a normal day. Dad came back at lunch to eat with us. I then
told him I did my journal yesterday and he checked it, then he said that I need
to change it. I then changed it but he left so I told Maxine to text him that I
changed my journal. Soon, the rice was done, but it was just seeds so Andrew
yelled at me. But soon I got over it, and played Cuphead with Maxine. Mom came
home but Dad didn't. After awhile I went to sleep. 

What happened today that Mom and Dad stayed home. Mom, Andrew, Maxine and I went
to the Korean Plaza and got some snacks. Then we went to Goodwill. There we
spent a few hours there, like about 3 or 4. Andrew, Maxine and I even spent a
hour at Target! After being there for a long time, we went to our final area for
today, Costco. Mom shopped, while Andrew, Maxine, and I went to buy the food at
the food area. We got 3 hot dogs, a slice of pepperoni pizza and 3 drinks. Soon
Mom came and we went into the car and came home. After awhile Mom and Dad were
going to Thunder Valley. That's all for today.

## Thu 04/18/2019

It's been a week and 4/7 since I wrote my last entry. So I'll tell you what had
happened on last Friday, Saturday, Sunday, this Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.

On Friday, we went watercoloring.

On Saturday and Sunday we went to LA. We stopped for gas, then drove nonstop,
until we stopped at a Gas Station or something for a bathroom break. Then, we
drove for the last hours, and there we were, LA. We first went to the temple,
then the beach. Soon we drove to the flower area. Soon, it was dark and we
stopped at another gas station. After hours, we finally went to Grandma's
House(Mercerd) to sleep for the night. When we woke up, we had breakfast and
such, then we went home.

I forgot Monday.

On Tuesday, when Mom came home, she went on her phone and probably text Dad
where was he. Then Mom told me that Dad was at Thunder, and she'd go get him.
Soon, I stayed up all night, but went to sleep at 2:00 AM (possibly).

On Wednesday, Mom, Andrew, Maxine, and I went to Gart. There was a farmers
market happening. Mom had to get the car to pick us up. While waiting, people
were looking at the Blueberry Plant. One woman said it was too heavy. Soon Mom
arrived. When we were in the car, we went to Burger King's drive thru and asked
for a large drink, chicken nuggets, fries and that was it. We soon went to
Goodwill for about 2 or 1 hour. Andrew bought shoes, Mom bought clothes, and
Maxine and I got nothing(cause we chose nothing). After that, we arrived at 99
Cents Store. Mother bought lemons, hot dogs, and such. Then we went home. Dad
and I did 30 minutes of Javascript. We did 2 extra lessons. I updated my
website. And then in the few last minutes, I played Overwatch. Soon I went to
sleep. Zzz. That's all.

Oh, and the others days' events are unknown.

## Sat 04/06/2019

Today Mom, Maxine, Andrew, and I first went to FoodsCo. We got ice cream (waffle
sandwiches), bags of chips, chicken, and more. Soon we went to Goodwill. We
probably stayed there for an hour. And finally we dropped off Andrew at Target
and picked him up. We soon came home. Dad went to somewhere, and after he came
back, Dad and I worked on the Product Landing project. I got my internet. And
soon as I finished my internet, I did my 30 lines of story, and now I'm doing my
journal. That's all for today!

## Thu 04/04/2019

At school our class raced with the 3rd Graders for the Spartan Race today. Also,
at groups we practiced our comp skills and State Testing Skills also. At recess
I drew. In math, we learned about the sides of the triangles. In lunch, I
choose Orange Chicken Bowl, and we only sat down for our recess. Then at science
we finished our questions of the Science book and read 'Pass the Energy Please!'
Back in class we finished our page of 151. And then we did Planner. Soon we
packed up and stacked up, got our new read aloud, and said Goodbye to Mrs.
Emmerich. 

At home Mom came home, we picked up Andrew, went to the dentist, got some stuff
and did some shopping, and soon Mom dropped us off. That's all for today!


## Wed 04/03/2019

In the morning we reread our vocabulary so that we can understand it a little
more. At groups we looked at 1-9 answers and Mrs. Emmerich asked us about how
many words of 12 we found. We found a few. And then, we worked on ThinkCentral,
or the Wonders Wheel. After awhile, we stopped and got ready for math. At recess
I played Slime Wars with Silas! Back in class and on the subject of math, we
learned about the insides of Triangles. For example, an obtuse triangle has 1
obtuse angle. At lunch I choose Chicken Patty Sandwich, and at recess I played
Slime Wars again with Silas. We went to the library after recess, and when we
came back we did our planner, reviewed our Math Performance Task, packed up and
stacked up, and said Goodbye to Mrs. Emmerich.
At home, I ate steak and rice, then I took an bath. Soon I took an nap. When I
woke up, I wondered where Mom went so I cried. After calling Mom I calmed down.
That's all for today!

Monday and Tuesday, your ordinary business. 

## Sun 03/31/2019

In the morning, I got internet from yesterday of hard work. We then cleaned the
house and did some laundry. I ate ramen for lunch. Mom and Andrew left to
Walmart and Costco. During that, I watched Webtoon Comics. Before a few minutes
Mom and Andrew came home, I asked Dad for internet of doing the chores today.
Soon, they came home and soon, my internet ran out. Now, I'm doing my journal.
That's all for today!!

## Sat 03/30/2019

Today we first went to Korean Plaza. We got some snacks there. Then, we went to
Grandpa's house, since he was very sick. We stayed there for awhile, then went
to Deylah's house for Mom to get her stuff. Then we came home. After awhile, Mom
and Dad went to Thunder for drawings. I played on Roblox and now I'm doing my
journal. That's all for Saturday!!

Thursday and Friday are the normal entries I put up for 2019!!

## Wed 03/27/2019

At groups today we review the LA Performace Task. We review the questions, and
all that stuff. At recess I played Roblox with Silas, Lillie, and some other
girl I know. At math we did our Unit Test. I was done by the time we had to go
to lunch. I got Breakfast for Lunch. When our class came outside, it was
raining. Gee, it got loud and soon Recess ended. After Library we finished our
test, did our slides, and then read our Leads aloud. Oh yeah, I forgot, we did
our leads today. I was one of the chosen ones. We did our planner, got our
Wednesday Folders, left school, and BAM. We were at home at last. Soon Mom and
Dad came home, Andrew too. That's all for today!!

## Tue 03/26/2019

Today at school we first did our skills test. At group, we learned about the 12
words of LA. At Recess, I played with Silas. Onward with the digimon number 2!
At math, we finished the practice test. I got Cheese Pizza for lunch. I played
the same thing with Silas at lunch recess. In Science, we did our new slide
project, ecosystems! Back in our class, we review our LA Practice test and Mrs.
Emmerich told us about the state test. We then did our slides, and then we
packed up and left. Back at home, I really forgot (I guess I forgot from the ice
cream and fries at the food trucks.), but soon Mom and Dad and Andrew came home!
Andrew and I went to the food trucks. When we came back, I did my journal. I'm
doing that now, and that's all for today!!

Monday is like the other Mondays!

## Sat 03/23/2019

Mom, Andrew, Maxine, and I were getting ready to go to Korean Plaza. We left at
about noon. Of course, we first went to the Korean Plaza. We got fuji apples and
other things. We also looked at the jewelry store. Then we stopped at Deylah's
House. Maxine and I stayed there while Mom and Andrew went to the Asian Store
for some things. While they were gone, Daisy and I tried to play Hide and Seek,
but Daisy gave up finding me and went in a blanket instead. Soon, Mom and
Andrew came back. We played on the SNES and played Kirby Super Star, Super Mario
Kart, Donkey Country, Super Street Fighter, and more games! We soon left Deylah
and them to go to Goodwill. We stayed there for about 1 hour. While we were
going back home, Auntie Doung called us, or the other way around. We talked for
a bit, then ended the call. Then, Dad called us, we told him that we were coming
home. When we came home, Mom first pooped (thanks to the Mango Mochi we had
before we left Deylah's House), Andrew, Maxine and I carried the items to the
house, Dad and I tried to do FreeCodeCamp, but I wasn't up to do it today,
so I am doing my journal instead, and that is what I'm doing now. That's for
this entry!

## Fri 03/22/2019

At school, we first did our homework, quiz review, and did our quiz. It was so
easy. We also did our pros and cons of BT corn. At groups we finished the Math Practice state test.
During recess, I played Pixelmon with Lillie and Silas. We continued our BT corn
during math time. And learned about the genre of the BT corn story and read how
to make the biggest pumpkin. We had some extra time to do our slides. At lunch I
chose Fish Sticks and Chips. And at recess I played Digimon 2 with Silas. Back
in class, we did our slides of a hour, and then reviewed our ELA State Test. We
celebrated Eliana's birthday, and packed up, stacked up, and while I waited for
Maxine, a 5th Grader was play an instrument. She was really good at it. Then I
found Maxine and went home. We did our own things, I forgot. Then Andrew woke up
and then we watched stuff on Netflix. Soon Mom came home. That's all for today! 

## Thu 03/21/2019

Today in groups, we continue practicing state testing. We got out our Homework
and Remembering math books and reading books. Mrs. Emmerich told us to get the
reading books is because Mrs. Emmerich is leaving on 11:05 AM today for her Eye
Doctor appointment. And there was nobody available that she known. So we had a
random new substitute. At recess I walked around the blacktop area. When the
class and I came back, the substitute wasn't there, but soon after a few
minutes. Mrs. Emmerich and the substitute talked for about a minute, and then
Mrs. Emmerich left the classroom. Our substitute was Mrs. E(not Emmerich)! So we
did math and reviewed the lessons we did 2 days ago. We then did problems 10-15,
since the class and Mrs. E did them all. At lunch, I choose Chicken Bowl. At
recess, I played with Silas and Lillie. When we went to Science, we took our
test and when we were finished we worked on our brochure. Back in class, we
finished math, did our slides, did our planner, and Maxine and I left school. At
home we did stuff, and Mom came home with French Fries. I soon slept, and woke
up. Meanwhile I was sleeping, Dad and Andrew came home. That's all for Thursday
Entry!

On Wednesday, we did state testing and got a award of Prodigy. We got out
whiteboards, markers and erasers, and SAB. At recess I played with Silas. In
math, we learn about our decimals with whole numbers. At lunch, I chose Chicken
Patty Sandwich. At (lunch) recess, I played with Silas again. We then went to
the library. Then when we came back to class, Claire(Mrs. Emmerich's daughter)
read to us. Soon, we had the 'toolbox' person back! But I missed out since there
was a Watchdog and I got chosen to go into the pod with him, as well as 4 other
people. We had fun and by the time we were back, the lesson was over. We packed
up, left school, and Maxine and I were home. We did our own things, I forgot.
Mom was home, and Dad and Andrew came home. That's all. 
## Tue 03/19/2019

State Practice! Different Lunch Choices! Science! Other stuff! That's all for
this day!

## Mon 03/18/2019

Today we had Mrs. Pisani instead of Mrs. Emmerich. We did the usual lunch count,
and all that stuff. Then we did some grammar, PE, and learn about our new unit
and question. It was all about how Science can make new foods with pros and
cons. At recess, I just followed Suos and Mathew (from McNutt) around. At math,
we learned about comparing the decimals. And at lunch we had House Seating,
games, at the lunch room. At recess, Silas and I played Digimon. Then, for the
'rest of the day' when my class and I came back, we read for at the Reading
Lounge, and when we came back, we cleaned the room, packed up, and left School!
Maxine and I came home earlier than we usually do at Mondays. I went to the
Computer, while Maxine did her own business. When it was 4:00 PM and time went
out, I read in the same room where Maxine was sleeping (room near Andrew's and
Mom's) . Soon Mom came home. Then Andrew and Dad came home also. Soon we had
dinner, and now I'm doing my journal. That's it for this Monday.

Long Story Short for March 16th and 17th, we had a great weekend but we moved
the hiking trip next weekend, also went to Goodwill and Costco.

## Fri 03/15/2019

Different Lunch Choices , mess around with ThinkCenteral. Etc.
That's really it for this entry.

## Mon 03/11/2019

This morning we had our flag assembly. This week that their flag will be up is
Altmeso! After the assembly and in our class, we wrote about our essential
question for this week, "How can words lead to change?". Then, it was the 10:00
AM honor awards assembly for 4th and 5th. We did our outstanding students for
the month(4th grade then 5th grade) and then we did the School, Principal, and
Superintendent awards. I got the Superintendent Award. At recess, Katelyn and
Harkiant talked with each other. After recess and at math, we learned about
finding equivalent denominators. The first way is find if one denominator has a
factor of the other denominator. The second one is multiplying until the number
has the same factor, and the 3rd one is picking a number(other than one) that
has both denominators. We went to lunch, but since today is the lunch the
winning team's(my team) special lunch, well, we first had to go to get our
lunch. But if we had home lunch, we stayed outside. When the hot lunch people
came back, the special lunch began. We had treats and hot chocolate. To be
honest, the hot chocolate is way better than the hot chocolate the day before
winter break (December 19th, 2018). And I gave my sister the cookie from the
lunch. At class, we finished our notes of equivalent denominators and practice a
little. Then, we went to the book fair for wish lists. And when we came back, we
packed up, Mrs. Emmerich read a little, and we left school. When we came home, I
did my FreeCodeCamp, waited, and Mom came home! Then Andrew and Dad came home
too! Now I'm doing my journal. That's all for today!

Saturday-Sunday: Shopping and Dentist on Sat. , Shopping on Sun. , and Deylah's
house Sleepover Sat. - Sun.  
Last Wed. - Skills Test Unit 3, Week 2.
The rest of the days are normal. The only differences are:
- Lunch Menu
- Math Lessons
- Tests
- etc.
That's really all for this entry!

## Wed 03/06/2019 

Today was partly rainy. In the morning it was Rainy Day schedule. So we
unstacked all the chairs, and we did that in 32 seconds.  When class started, we
did our 2 last pages of Grammar, then we did Unit 3 Week 3 test. I got 100%.
Then, we went to recess. At recess I drew a Cat Burger for Angelina. Back at we
learned to do division with Equivalent fractions. At lunch, I got Chicken Patty
Sandwich. And at recess, I wandered around the playground AND the blacktop. We
then got our books and went to the library. At the library, Mrs. Heller showed
us the upcoming Book Fair video for 4-5 grade. Seems exciting, doesn't it?
Anyways, we checked out and read books, left the library, Mrs. Emmerich had to
go and so we meet our substitute, Mr. Browning. We continued the day with him,
and when Maxine and I left school, I used the computer while Maxine watched her
'Pac-Man Adventures' show. When I took a 'nap', Mom came home during the time.
When I woke up, I 'lost' my glasses. But we found them. That's all for today.

## Tue 03/05/2019

Today was a Rainy Day schedule. I had some free time, though I spend it to read
( as usual ). Then we started our day with grammar. We learned that there are
two verbs: Main and Helping. The main verb is usually an action, and it tells
what the star of the sentence (the main noun) is doing or is. The helping verb
helps the sentence make sense, like if a sentence is She drawing cats, we need
to add "is", in order to make that sentence sounding right. We then did Author's
point of view (What the author thinks, not way the story is told). We found lots
of details to support what we think why this Author wrote about the book,
Delivering Justice (Wesltey Wallace Law) in the book. We then researched more
about the Author and Westley. After that, it was recess. Since it was a rainy
day schedule, we had indoor recess. I just drew like every time it was Indoor
recess. Today for Math's lesson, we learned how to do equivalent fractions in a
way that we don't use fraction strips. We used the Whiteboard, then SAB (Student
Activity Book). At lunch I got chicken nuggets (plus 2 goldfish bags). And we
only had a short recess because we didn't behave ourselves. At science we
observed meal worms and their body parts. Back at class we did our planner, then
our mission slides, got the hard work done on the Mission slides, then we packed
up. Back at home the computer wasn't working at 4:00. So I slept, then woke up
and Mom was home. Soon, Dad and Andrew came home also. That's all for today.

Monday, March 4th - Read Delivering Justice, Learned equivalent fractions on
fraction bars. 
Sunday and Saturday - Shopping, Deylah's house, McDonalds
Friday - Math Quiz
Thursday, Wed. , Tuesday, Monday, etc. - Unknown

Note: Will start again do this daily!
### Fri 02/22/2019

Ordinary School days, and today, we just did two tests, math and missions vocab.
That's it! Also, I'll be doing longer entrys soon.

### Tue 02/19/2019

Today ordinary school day, the Weekend and Monday was Daisy's birthday plus a
sleepover, the rest of the days is normal. Expect the 14th. We had a party in
class. That's it!

### Mon 02/11/2019 

Sunday and Saturday are both normal weekends. 

Anyways in the morning Mom made bacon and left to work. Dad and Andrew stayed
for awhile then left also. Maxine and I did our vim lessons. I couldn't finish
cause there was a problem so Dad came home for lunch and got chicken nuggets. He
helped me and I started over again, this time it was really quick. After that it
was Maxine's turn. Soon she finished and we both got internet. After Dad left
and the rest of the day while Maxine and I stayed home, I looked and the
internet. Soon Mom came home and she made more bacon and steak. Then Andrew and
Dad came home. That's it for today!

### Fri 02/08/2019

In the morning we did the grammar quiz. I'm sure that I'll get a 100% percent.
At group time we did 2 problems of mixed number subtraction. Mrs. Emmerich did
it to see which people didn't get mixed number subtraction. The people who did
know Mixed number subtraction got to play Prodigy. While that the rest of the
people learned mixed number subtraction while we enjoyed our time. After that we
got ready for math. At recess I just waddled around the playground, and the
blacktop. Back in class Soham, Gavin M., and I did the district's assignment.
Gavin M finished first, I was second, and Soham was last. After doing some math
stuff we went to lunch. I got Crunchy Fish Sticks. After eating and getting
called out Harkiant, Katelyn, and Emily(? Also me) played Warriors. Next back in
class we continued math. We repeated group time math assignment of converting
Mixed Numbers and Fractions Greater than One. Soon we did Soham's birthday, read
Fudge and Peter's story, and said Goodbye to Mrs. Emmerich and left school. At
home it's just your normal after school day. Soon Mom and Dad came home and left
to WinCo, and here right now I'm doing my journal. That's all for today.

The rest of the days are normal.
Well, expect Wed 02/6/2019.
We went to the Californa Mission Walk through. After that we went to lunch with
an sub, Mrs. Pisani taking Mrs. Emmerich's place. After lunch and recess bam
it was an normal day again, after and at school.

### Wed 01/30/2019 

In the morning at Groups our class that didn't went to Reading Groups wrote
letters to the staff. I got Mrs. Panochko to write a letter too. I got it
printed and for now I'll be coloring it. Before we went to recess we got ready
for math. And so at recess Katelyn, Harkinat, and I played Wall Ball. Back in
class we all students checked our homework last night and then did fraction
addition and subtraction. Then we went on our SAB and did 2 pages of the new
math subject we learned. Soon we got ready for library. And so we went to lunch.
At lunch I choose Breakfast for Lunch than BQQ Chicken. After eating, Katelyn,
Harkinat, and I talked and played Warriors. At library we watch that same old
Life Vest heartwarming kindness boomerang. Back at class we did our planner and
did our Californa Missions. We learned a lot about it. We soon packed up,
stacked up, and people left. Joy and some other people stayed because, papers,
snowballs (Soham was the only one), and 4 people stayed to call their parents
since they had to finish their book report book tomorrow. After getting my
paper for my cereal box, we went home. At home we did our thing, until Mom came
home early. We went to the doctor, I waited, we left, went to Costco and
Deylah's, came home, and now I'm doing my journal. That's it!

### Tue 01/29/2019 

Today I'm back at school. We first did our Haiku. I didn't know what a Haiku was
but Zayne told me about it. I got it approved, finished, and right now it's
colored. After that it was group time. The remaining people (including me) just did
nothing. Well, it felt like nothing. After that it was recess. And I played
State Tag. Back at class and at Math Time it was like the same thing expect I
didn't know much. But at Lunch I got Cheese Sticks. At recess I did the same
thing as last recess. At Science we finished a paragraph about rocks. Back at
class we did our Grammar test, reviewed our Book Report page, packed up, stacked
up, people left, but Soham and I stayed. We got what we missed. And then Maxine
and I went home. At home I went to the computer and stayed there. I did my
homework and finished it but I mainly never went off the computer. Mom, Dad and
Andrew came home. I guess that's all for today.
    
Monday sick day
Weekend normal weekend
