## The Enchanted Waterfall, by Faye Ly. Sunday March 24th, 2019
Once upon a time, there was a tropical jungle that had a waterfall. People told
children about the legend that there is something your heart desires when you go
through the fountain's cover. But is it true?

Sapphire walked through the jungle while being cautious, after all, there rumors
that the most deadly snakes protect this legend. Sapphire was 14 years old,
there was no way that she could make this legend true! She'd be dead by now. But
Sapphire was determined to not make that happen. Her kill spree was 50 snakes
and 20 poison frogs! She then killed another poison frog, mistaking her as a fly
from her black hair. She was barely near the waterfall. She was in front of an
lake with multiple stones waiting for her jump. She risked that chance by
jumping as fast as she could. She was a few steps closer. She then killed 5
snakes that tried to poison her. She ran to it and there she was, at the
fountain. She went through the fountain, and there was her heart desired, a new
family, home, new things, new events, but she had something she really desired,
powers. She had all the powers she could think of! Mind reading, magic,
predicting, and more powers she had! She had all she wanted, but what about her
descendants' desires?

    In 30XX.  Rose was bored, very very bored. She lived in this house for more
    than 10 years! "We must follow the Gem Family traditions!" her mother
    reminded her, Mrs. Jewel. She ate her boring fluffy pancakes. She watched
    the Weather News, and other boring stuff to her. She then went upstairs and
    slept for half of the day. She woke up at 2:00 PM, she did her home-school
    homework, and then ate her steak and fish dinner, and went to sleep, now
    repeat. You now see? The only day that was different was her birthday, which
    is today. No homework (Yay) , cake for breakfast and lunch and dinner, play
    Roblox, sleep more, and that was it.  Rose decided to leave this house once
    and for all! She got her knife just in case for danger, food, and clothing.
    She ran for her life. She murdered 100 snakes and poisonous frogs. She kept
    running, and running, until she was out of the jungle. There was people in
    that town she didn't know. She walked to a person, asking, "Where am I?" she
    said. The person replied, "Welcome to Markdown Village! I'm Maxim." "That's
    a nice name, I'm Rose." Rose said. Rose and Maxim were the greatest friends,
    until...  Maxim moved away from the village. But Rose came with him. He
    said, "We're going to the Enchanted Tropicals! Where the legend is there!"
    Rose remembered all those 10 years of her life. She didn't show her fear
    though, since it been 10 years she hadn't been there. It would be nice to
    see that place again. 

    "That's all for today." Emerald said to her kids. "Aww." said her kids.
    "Time to go to bed." Emerald said. "Fine." said the children. 

    The next day...  The children got ready for more story time. They brushed
    their teeth, wore their new clothes, and were waiting for Emerald. Emerald
    came and read to them.

    ....  At the tropical jungle with the Enchanted fountain, Rose and her new
    family build a cottage where it was safe to build without any threats. They
    had the food, clothes, and more things in the cottage. Soon, the cottage
    expanded into a house, a 2-story house, a big house, and then...  A
    MANSION!!  Their building was so big, that they lived happily ever after.

    "The End!" said Emerald. "Let's read another story, right?" "Right!" said
    the kids. 

    The End.. . 

## Technology, By Faye Ly. Made on Sunday the 19th, March 2019.  Today in 20XX
we have technology. The power of technology and new science begin to grow. But
this is technology, right? So let's cross off Science and talk about technology
of today and in the future. 

    Sali was working on her new game, GM Foods. It was about GM things. GM Rice,
    GM Eggs, GM Fish, name it, it's GM. Expect items that aren't food...but
    anyways, it was had a 9.9 rate! Sali was glad to have this kind of rate,
    then...  10/10!! The perfect and highest score you could get. It was the
    best game in this world! Sali danced and danced for the rest of the night.

    The Next Morning...

    Sali woke up, she got ready for work. She was working for Microsoft. She
    called and taxi, and there she go, to her workplace. 

    After several hours...

    Sali was home. She ordered pizza. She ate that pizza and checked out the
    reviews on videos. They say they rated 5 Stars. Hey, that's great! Sali was
    satisfied.  She really knew how to make a good game. She brushed her teeth,
    changed into her pajamas, and went to sleep....

    "Zzz.." Sali was snoring. Again. She does this every morning of the
    weekends. She woke up and did the same morning routine again. Sali went to
    Starbucks. She got her caffeine, drank the caffeine, and went back to her
    apartment. 

    After that day she died, her children were rich and blah blah blah, they
    lived happily ever after...

    The End!


##  Dragon Legends. By Faye Ly,Made on Tue 03/26/2019

    : . . .  . :

    "When is training today?" Novel groaned. Dozen said strictly "9 O' Clock."
    "Wait, WHAT?!" Novel screamed. "AT 9 AM?!" Novel said excitedly.  "Yeah."
    "Squeee!!" Novel said. 

    : . . At the Training . . :

    Novel went into the safe battlefield. She was ready for this. Oh, she was
    fighting Lo, the dragon who has no limits. She was the dragon who had...
    THE POWER OF....  OF....  TIME!!!!  Yep, she could stop and skip and go back
    through time. But Novel wasn't used to her powers yet. So this is why she's
    'training'. Lo first dashed his attack, but out of the ordinary, Novel
    stopped time. She attacked first instead. "Y-your not bad..." said Lo as his
    back bled. "Heh, that's only the be-" Novel was interrupted as Lo bite her
    harshly. Her left front leg was now bleeding more than his back. Then, Novel
    went back through time before Lo could get her again.  : . . . . : In the
    end, Novel won. "Yay!" she said. "Good job." Lo said as he was getting
    bandaged.  "Next time, others will win." Lo said.

    : . . . . : The next morning, Novel ate her 'feast' of deer and fish. "Yum."
    She said as her mouth was full. "No training today." said Dozen. "Awww..."
    said Novel. No Training today?! That's crazy!!" Novel went out of the cave
    and flew into the sky. It's been awhile. 

    The air around her, the fresh kind. Ahh, it was like heaven. Novel saw a
    group of dragons. She flew now to them. Oh, it was just a waste of tim- "Hey
    you! Fight us" one of the dragons said. "Sure?" Novel said confused.  : . .
    . . : So, Novel also won in the end. "She's unstoppable." one of the Dragons
    mumbled.  "Well, see you around!" Novel said as she flew back to the cave.

    : . . . . : "So she won, right?" said Lo. "Yes." said Goldie, an golden
    dragon. She was extremely heavy. "Ugh, kill the group and bring me the most
    MOST strongest team in this area." "Okay." said Goldie.  : . . . . : "Nom
    nom nom~" said Novel as she finished her dinner of rabbit. "Time to go to
    sleep." said Dozen. "Now?!" said Novel. "Now." Dozen replied.  "Ugh." Novel
    went to her crunchy leaf pile, and went to sleep.

    : . . . . : After her breakfast, Novel was ready to train again. She was
    going to fight a group of Helium Dragons, the second strongest dragons. She
    slashed half of the dragons with her time-stopping powers, she then skipped
    time. And she won!  : . . . . : "Ugh, how is she on a win streak?!" said Lo.
    "Bring me, the strongest dragons in this world!" Goldie said, "Yes sir." : .
    . . . : Novel did her home-school homework, and went to sleep.  : . . . . :
    End of Book #1!

## Lost in the Sea. By Faye Ly. Story made on March 27th, 2019 "Where are we?"
asked Alex. They were in the middle of sea. "We're lost!" replied Betty. "We're
stranded in the ocean! Your happy now?" Alex said, "No." "Yeah! We're never
going to be the people in our dreams!" Betty said angrily.  "Calm down sister!
Maybe there is another way to be the people of our dreams." Alex said.  . . .
"Your going to think this, and are you EVEN sure it will work?" said Betty.
"It's going to work." replied Alex. He lifted Betty as high as he could, and
soon enough, Betty flew through the skies and fell on the ground, of her
parents' ship!  . . .  After explaining that Alex was missing, people began
going in the direction Betty was going before. Soon after that, Alex came back!
And soon they were in the news, For Best Thinking!  Maybe they really didn't
need to be mature to be their dream people..

    The End!

## Candyland! By Faye Ly. Story made on March 27th, 2019.  It was a normal day
in Candyland, everybody makes candy, sell them at the market of sweets, eat some
of the candy people bought, and go to sleep. One day, a golden gummy bear was
disguised as black liquorice to see if the people in Lollipop City. Every time
the Golden Gummy Bear said something like, "Can you please help me?" Everybody
said no, so the Golden Gummy Bear went into the Chewy Town.  . . .  The Golden
Gummy Bear was surprised that only one candy person is kind. The others, well,
they became golden gummy bears. And then the only kind candy person had a very
happy life. And soon, the Gummy Bear and the Candy person had children and lived
happily ever after (ha!) 

The End. 

## Clover Luck. By Faye Ly. Story made on March 27th, 2019.  I had found a
clover. I don't know what to do with it. People keep saying I should keep it for
good luck, but I think I'm not on the same page with them.  But I'll do what as
they said for if they keep saying it.

: : : . . . : : : I just got lucky and won today's Golden Trophy of the Game of
Sorry. Maybe I should keep having that Clover. 

: : : . . . : : :

Uh oh, I lost my Clover of Luck, what should I do?!  My world turned upside down
when I had the clover, oh no!!

: : : . . . : : : 

The person died from his misery. He lived in lucky land when he died, and now he
is having the time of this life.

The end!!

## Dragon Legends Number 2. By Faye Ly. Made on Sat 03/30/2019

Novel woke up. "You were almost late for breakfast." Dozen said when Novel
looked up. "Now get ready, your training is about to begin." As Dozen said that,
Novel cleaned her scales, ate her food, and was ready for training!

: . . . :

Novel saw a big dragon with sharp claws, tough scales, and sharp teeth too. They
began fighting. Novel stopped time and clawed the dragon very hard. The dragon
howled in pain. "Owww!!" said the Big Dragon. Then, they continued their battle.

: . . . :

Novel won. She felt pleased. But what she didn't notice, was that the tip of her
wings were now silver...

: . . . :

"She won?! Again?" said Lo angrily. Goldie said, "Calm down sir, soon she will
not win and give up." "Your right." Lo said. "Next up, the strongest dragon in
the strongest state!!"

: . . . :

Novel ate her dinner, did her homework, read for a little, and then went to her
sleep.  Her dreams, she dreamed of being a unicorn dragon! A silver dragon with
Pegasus wings and a unicorn horn!  : . . . : She woke up in the next morning.
She flew out to the Unicorn Palace, where she becomes a moving piece of mud, and
scare all the unicorn dragons, happily not being noticed as a dragon.  : . . . :
"Hm, where is Novel?" the Queen asked. "She's not here, it's just a lump of
mud." said one of her golden servants. The Queen said, "Oh, okay. Get me some
pork. Oh, and make it cooked too!" : . . . : Novel made it out, and now her
silver scales spread, but not enough to be noticed. She flew, but suddenly, she
felt lighter. Then, she felt her claws, forehead, and silver scales tingling.
She fell and passed out.  : . . . : Novel woke up. It was just a dream. She
still had the same state of her silver scales when she looked at it. Then she
realized in her thoughts....  "What the?!  What is going on?!  Am I becoming an
Unicorn Dragon?!" Novel just decided to shook the thought and got ready for
breakfast and training.  : . . . : Novel was fighting a shiny dragon. She had
glossy scales, so thick and nice...and really sharp teeth and claws too!! They
were clean and strong. Her scales were pastel-pink. "Fight me."the dragon
hissed. And so they fought. Novel used her past-time powers, stop-time ability
too.  : . . . : Somehow, the Shiny Dragon won! Novel said, "Good job." "You
too." the Dragon replied.  : . . . : "Yes! She is dead and defeated!" said Lo.
"Now I'll be the most powerful in this area!" Her servant, Goldie said, "No, she
just lost. The dragon is feared of death, so she only defeated her." "Ugh, now,
the strongest dragon in this planet!" "Um, sir she is the strongest dragon in
this planet." said Goldie.  "Then I'll just have to do a rematch with her..."
said Lo, and he stormed out of his mansion, then...  became a powerful dragon!
To be continued...  End for Book 2!

## Writing Stories. By Faye Ly, made on Sunday the April 6th, 2019.  Sam was
reading one of those Wings of Fire. He was on the 12th Book. He was up to date!
Then, Sam got an idea. Maybe he could write his own stories! When he got home
from school he got an notebook and a pencil. He wrote this,

    Leaves were falling as Yarni was waddling through the blue calm sky. The
    nice lush grass she was stepping on was also calming.

Sam showed it to his parents when they came back home. His mom said, "You'll be
an great author, Sam!" While his dad said, "No! You need to be a lawyer than an
stupid book author." Mom won this argument, and so Sam's dream to come true had
began.

    Later on in life of 2027...

Sam was writing his next book of 'Welcome to the 2019'. He wrote all about his
childhood in this book. Of his dream being an author, and it came true. All
adults, teens, and kids read all his books. They were with humor and
seriousness. Today he'll tell his story about being an author by writing an
book. 

    After publishing it...

People loved it! So much it was one of his popular books. Some adults said they
liked it because it was true. Kids love it because it had humor and pictures,
and teens said they love the leads from the past that they'll use them. Sam was
really kind of overwhelmed, but his excitement washed over that. His book of
'Welcome to the 2019' was now on the shelf of best books of 2027. 

    During that night...

Sam wrote an nice date what will he'll be doing when the Signature Event comes.
He wrote that he'll sign all the words he can write in his speediest, but
neatest handwriting. 

    At the day of the Signature Event.

Sam was able to get 100 signatures on all of his books. "Phew." he said. He
walked home and soon went to sleep.

    Back to reality...

Sam smiled at what he wrote. He hoped this will be true. He smiled at Mother,
and then at Father. They both supported him. Soon, this dream will be true
someday...

    The End!

## Why we need bees. By Faye Ly, Made on Mon 04/08/2019 
Before you get the bug spray, here are a few reasons we need bees.

Reason 1, Beekeepers.

    Beekeepers need bees to keep making business. If there are less bees,
    they'll run out of business.

Reason 2, Farmers

    Without bees, farmers will not have enough to pollinate their fields, making
    this a problem.  Also, without bees there will be less fruits and veggies
    for example, apples will run out. And leafy greens also will be low on
    stock.  Almonds will disappear, since they need to be pollinated a lot. Food
    companies will also run out of buisness from low stock of bees.  Finally,
    cows need almonds too but without bees, they'll produce less milk from no
    almonds.

Reason 3, Honey!!

    We need honey. Without it, body products, shampoo, and more will be in low
    of stock. 

Reason 4, Oilseeds.

    Without oilseeds, such as cotton and sunflowers there would be only 1/2 oil
    and fat on Earth.  Also, without cotton, we wouldn't have jeans, shoelaces,
    and much more.

Conclusion.

    Without bees, the world would be a different place, just like the world
    without rules. We should help the bees and not swat or spray Bug Spray on
    them. All in all, we should respect our bees to keep us alive on this earth.

    X The End X

## Moonlight. By Faye Ly. Made on Monday, April 8th 2019.  Luna the moth was
looking for light. She flew and flew but failed to find any.  She looked at the
moon. It had light! She flew to the moon. So high that she lived there forever,
but soon fell from it. 

    "oh no!"

Luna fell successfully and lived! She flew around to find a mate then, and soon,
descendants come in...

Lighti flew around the dark forest. "Whee!" she said. She flew to the moon too.
And also fell, but this time, she died. 

    So the moral of the story kids is not to go to the moon because you may die.

The End.

## Dragon Legends Number 3, By Faye Ly. Made on April 9th 2019.

    Hello, this is a note from Faye Ly. Today will be the last book of Dragon
    Legends. I hope you enjoyed this short series. Thank you.

Novel was wandering around the dusty kitchen. "Please let this house not be
haunted..." Novel mumbled. "Aha! I found you..." said a mysterious voice. "W-who
are you?!" said Novel. "You idiot, you fought with me and you can't remember
me?! I'm Lo!" said Lo as he showed his flaming wings. Novel said, "Wait..your
not Lo, I think he didn't look that powerful." Lo got mad, very very mad. "I'll
kill you anyway! You don't deserve that power, I do!" He swooped to Novel, but
Novel stopped time. She then said, "I use my power wisely, you couldn't do that,
even if you tried." She then flew and bitten into his eyes. "Ugh, I can't see!"
said Lo. He tried to claw Novel, but he missed. Novel then scratched his back.
Soon, Lo died after the battle.

: . . . :

"Your back?" said Md. Md dared Novel to go to the 'Haunted House'. Novel
replied, "Yes, I am." Md said, "Cool! Nobody survived there!" Novel laughed.
Today was a great day, and so she went to sleep...

: . . . :

Novel woke up. This time she was in a different bed, different bedroom. "Where
am I?" she asked herself before she opened the door. "Emi! Your awake!" said an
Unicorn Dragon. Novel, now known as Emi, said, "What happened?" "You were in a
coma for a month!" said another Unicorn Dragon. 

    Oh, so that was why I was becoming a Unicorn Dragon, because I was one!

Emi continued with reality in her whole life time. The End.

## Adventures to the Magic. By Faye Ly, made on April 9th, 2019. 

Sun and Luna were running to home. They could smell their mother's pie by then.
But then..portal under Luna formed! He fell into the portal, screaming for help.

    What other people see...

Luna was stuck in the concrete. There was no portal. People thought he and Sun
were crazy.

    What Luna and Sun saw...

Sun jumped into the portal with Luna. She didn't care if she'd be gone forever.
At least she had her brother. Soon Luna and Sun passed out.

    1 Hour later...

Mushie, Ferry, and more villagers ran to see the unknown guests they had
visiting. People were saying they were humans, some said they were aliens, and
others thought they were chased by a random killer in this area. But Mushie and
Ferry knew that they were humans.

    After all the villagers cleared out... 

Mushie and Ferry ran to the two humans. As the two humans wake up, Ferry asked
them, "Hey, what's your names?" Luna said, "Luna. And this is Sun." Mushie said,
"I'm Mushie and this is Ferry." "Cool names." said Sun. "Let's tell the Queen
and her guard about this!" said Ferry. "Wha-" Sun was interrupted as Luna,
Ferry, Mushie, and her ran to the diamond castle. 

    At the castle...

"Hello." said Queen Maxine as they bowed to her in the throne room. "What about
those humans? What if they're evil?!" said her guard, Faye Ly. "Oh, shut up."
said Queen Maxine as she slapped her. "Ow! You don't need to be mean to me,
sister!" "Anyways, why are you here?" Maxine said. Ferry said, "We' here because
these two kids." The two kids showed their marks. "Why do we have these?" asked
Luna and Sun. Maxine gasped. She then said, "You two are the chosen ones. And
Mushie and Ferry and the chosen ones' guards." Soon, Luna became a demon, and
Sun became a werewolf. "The reason your colors are like that, is because your
supposed to teach people a lesson in the real world." said Faye. "Okay, now go."
The 4 went out of the Castle.

    Meanwhile...

"Heh, they think they can do it, but they can't. Such idiots." said an hooded
figure. His cape was in ruins. "Sir, what to do next?" said another hooded
figure. The 1st Hooded figure took off his hood, showing his bloodmoon eyes and
gray hair. "Buraddo mun, pretend to be a nice witch, and give me the info." he
said. "Okay. " said the hooded figure, and turned into a pastel witch and powder
blue eyes. "Good, now go." The pastel witch then ran.  "Hehehe, they'll never
know where they're going..."

    With the 4 heroes...

"Hey look sis! There's omen!" said Luna as they were walking. "That is magical
omen." said Ferry. It makes your wishes come true, but legends say the Chosen
Ones' wishes always come true true." Luna said, "Wow! Now that's what I call,
hecka cool! Anyways, let's go!!" They went inside Powdery Sugar Omen. "Hello,
how can I help you?" said a Ramen-Omen Cat. "We would like a table for four."
said Ferry. "That'll be 16.00 rainbow coins!" said the Ramen-omen Cat. Ferry
gave the Ramen-Omen cat 16 rainbow coins. "Okay, there's your table." said
Ramen-Omen Cat. The table there was shiny, rainbow, and polished. "For the
chosen ones and their guardians!" said the Ramen-Omen Cat. The 4 ordered Unicorn
omen, but instead they got rainbow unicorn dreams omen! Then they were
surrounded by fans of the Chosen Ones. 

    After the Powdery Sugar Omen...

"Phew, that was a nightmare." said Sun as they went out of the shop. Mushie
said, "Agreed." As they flew (and for Sun ran), they saw a pastel witch. "Hey
Ms. Witch, which way is the Gaming City?" the (good) pastel witch said, "Left,
forward, right, forward all the way." "Thanks!" said Luna. 

    At Gaming City...

"Whoa! This is really cool!" said Sun as they took the first step into Gaming
City. They had Big game cards as buildings, game consoles as hotels, and
joy-cons as houses and restaurants! "Where should we go?" asked Luna. Ferry
said, "To Tech Hotel." 

    In Tech Hotel...

"Hello, how may I help you?" said a Unicorn with a uniform of circuits in green
and black. "We'd like a room for four please." said Sun. "That'll be 20
technology coins. Also, we usually cost 80 coins for a room for 4, but since
your the chosen ones and the chosen ones' guardians, you'll have a discount of
-60 coins." Ferry gave the coins, and they were taken to their room. 

    In the room...

"Whoa!!" said Luna when they stepped inside. They had the softest beds, coolest
designs, and so many games! "Hey! There's Pokemon Pearl on this DS!" said Ferry.
"Kirby Star Allies?! Yes!" said Sun. They had servants that gave them sugary
ramen, lots of food, and such. Sun even mentioned, "There's a jacuzzi in the
bathroom!" 

    Meanwhile...

"Ugh, where are those brats?!" exclaimed the mean pastel witch. "I'll go find them!

    Back with the 4...

They were out, and they saw a pastel witch. "That's weird." thought Luna. "I-"
Luna then said, "This is a imposter!" he pointed at the pastel witch. "You found
me you idiots, I'm supposed to stop you! Master is always the chosen one!" They
fought in the city, until the evil witch died. "Well, that was easy." said the
four. They walked away while the other people looked at them, awed.

    Meanwhile(again)...

The master died cause he had no more fame.

    Back with the 4(again also)...

"Well I guess this is goodbye for now." said Sun. Ferry said, "Sun, I love
you..nah just joking. Hahah!" "Haha!" said Sun also. "Well goodbye you guys!"
said Luna. And soon...

    At home...

They were at dinner, as they were eating their Father's meatloaf and eating Mother's pie,
they were going to expect more adventures.

    The End!

## Quiet the Muted. By Faye Ly. Made on Tuesday 9th 2019

Abu was walking around the halls. She was new to this area, and is also lucky
that she had parents supportive enough to let her go to into a new school. Her
last school was so mean that they beaten her up for not talking. Abu lost her
voice when she was 5 years old. The doctors say they couldn't find a disorder,
and they said they'll teach her sign language. Abu saw 10 figures and decided to
walk up to them. She waved and showed sign language as, "Hello, I'm Abu. Nice to
meet you all!" The kids waved back and also sign language as, "Hello, we're
nice! Nice to meet you! I can't talk, but all my friends can, so they help me.
Want to join us?" Abu nodded. The kid then sign language, "Great! See you at
lunch!" 

    At Class...

"Who knows what 33 divided by 4?" Abu raised her hand. "Come up Abu, and grab
your pencil and a piece of paper by my desk." Abu did what her teacher told her.
She wrote, "8.25", and showed it to the class. Then Aid raised his hand saying,
"Hey, is Abu stupid that sheG can't talk?" Ms. Teacher replied, "No. She lost
her voice due to unknown reasons, and your going to talk to me after class sir."
Aid then said, "Ugh. Fine."

    After Class...

"Aid you can't say that during class! That'll make her very upset. In other
words, your going to have detention! " Aid said, "Nooo! Mother will be pissed at
me!" 

    At Lunch...

"Hey Abu! Come sit here!" said a person waving her hand. Abu did. They talked
while Abu sign language with the person she was talking with. "What's your
name?" she asked in sign language. "I'm Ki, and that person that told you to
come here is Lyi. That's all you need to know!" Ki said in sign language. They
both lightly laughed. 

    Lol it's the end. There'll be more I promise though!

## Math Time! By Faye Ly. Made on 4/9/2019

Okay have you ever wonder what math things the 4th grade is learning? Well, let
me tell you what they have learned so far!

First, Fractions. 

Fractions are part of a whole, and have two parts. The numerator, which is how
many pieces it has, and the decimator, which determines how many pieces it can
have in total. But that's not always true. If a numerator gets bigger than the
decimator, it's a fraction bigger than one, also known as improper fraction. We
can fix this by dividing this fraction by the decimator. The number it's divided
by is the whole number, the number that's dividing is the decimator, and the
remainder is the numerator. This is a mixed number.

The End, see on Math Time! Number Two next time!

## Miracle. By Faye Ly. Made on 4/10/2019|

"I'm scared." I said as we were going into the afterlife. "It'll be fine," said
a person behind me, that was my sister. We were sent into Hell, but only for a
month. People told us to join them for some torturing. I always said, "No." But
my sister had nothing to do, so she sighed and joined them. Soon she became a
bad person. Now I'm scared forever in life..

    Present Time...

"Sis! Wanna join us for torturing?" said my Sister. It's almost been a month,
and I'm still sane. "No. Maybe tomorrow." I said. "Aw, no fun! Drink a soda pop
then, see ya!" My sister said as she walked away. I sighed, then said, "Tomorrow
is a new month, and there is a test for me and my sister to see which one is
still sane. Good luck to my sister." I grabbed a soda pop and opened my mouth.
Soon I was shoved by one of the Lucksters. "What ya doing? Being a idiot I see."
said Co, which was one of the Lucksters. "I'm not an idiot! Your never going to
heaven like me!" I shouted to them. That made Co still the same. "I'd rather
stay here, than goin-" Co was interrupted by my sister. "Don't mess with my sis.
She may not be fun, but at least she's know her senses." Co tried to run away,
while the others successfully did, but Co was dead dead by seconds. "Tell me if
they bully ya' again, k Sis?" said my Sister. 

    The Next Day.

It's been a month, and today is the test. I'm scared. My sister was chill. We
took the test. They took our blood, and it stung. Yes, we have blood in hell.
Then, the angel said, "Both demons pass, next." I hugged my sister, we both
passed! Now we can go to heaven! Meanwhile the angel tested the other demons, as
we stepped the stairs of Heaven, we began to become angels. I smiled at my
sister, while my sister smiled at me. Before I stepped on the surface of heaven,
I said,

    "Today was a Mircale.."

When we reached the surface of Heaven, I saw my Mother and Father, I hugged them
both, then I saw my aunts and uncles, Grandpa and Grandma, everybody in my
family, I hugged them. Now I'm watching over our younger cousins over. 

    The End. <3


## Wimps Behind a Screen. By Faye Ly. Made on April 10th, 2019.

I turned on my computer. Today was the day. The first day of Summer Break!! I
was very very excited to play Roblox! I clicked the first thing on my Recently
Played, and pressed Play. "Yes!" I said as the game went on. Robloxian High
School! I was excited to play that game again! I played it yesterday and all
that! Soon, I met a noob. I already had robux, so I could have the ability to do
my thing, what thing you asked? I have to ability to bully people as a robux
person. "Hey." I said in the chat. "Your a noob. You have no robux so that what
makes you one." She said to me in the chat, "I look like one, but I'm here for 2
years. You?" I was shocked. She got me. I faked and said in the chat with, "10
Years." She said then in the chat, "You're lying. If you were been here for 10
years, you'd be kinder to other people by now." I repiled nothing. "Well?" she
said in the chat. "Can you #### ##?!" I replied in chat. "Tags." she replied.
"Well, your no fun. Now I'll be going to talk with my friends now." I said. But
soon as I closed the game, I went into depression for months. Then I started
taking out depression on others, without a second thought. That stopped though,
as I found out one of the idols I love dead. He suicided, from me. I loved him
though! Then I realized, that I took out my words on him. On him!! I decided to
get a noose, a chair and myself. I took out the noose and put it on the roof and
around my neck, then I stand on the chair, I fall off the chair. I guess this is
goodbye!

    The End!

## K a i t j c. By Faye Ly. Made on April 11th, 2019.

Kaitjc, that was what I called my character. Kaitjc. Most people called me Kait
in game. I was fine with it. I had memorable times. I roleplayed a lot. And I
played some simulators, because fighting games, RPG, Murder Mystery, and a lot
of other games than simulators and roleplaying games weren't my strong suits. I
had a lot of friends. I also have a lot of experience over the years. I learned
how to stand up myself from bullying, how to roleplay correctly without being
overpowered, how to fight in fighting games from friend experience, and other
things. Today, it's been 2 or 3 years I joined on this account and I thank
people for helping me lasting this long. Thank you.

    The End. 

## The Emotionless Boy. By Faye Ly (and Maxine Ly) Story made on April 12th 2019

"Andie wake up!" said Wendy as Andie snored through her voice. "We're going to
be late." she said. Andie said in his sleep, "I don't care." "Okay, I guess I'm
goin-"  She was interrupted as Andie woke up and said, "Anything, but you
leaving me. No." "Works every time." Wendy said as she walked out of their
bedroom. "Ugh, morning 'boring'-ness." Andie said. 

    After getting ready... 

Andie and Wendy were waiting at the bus stop. "Hey guys!" said Jenny and Alex as
they were running down the sidewalk. "Hey Andie!" said Alex, while Jenny and
Wendy were chatting. "Oh! There is the bus!" said Jenny, as she saw the bus
coming and stopping. They all went inside. 

    In the bus...

Amanda was sassing the others, like usual. "Wendy, you should have put contacts
on your eyes. But you wouldn't put them on, since your STUPid! Haha!" Amanda
doesn't sass Jenny though, she does something worse. She beats her up. But now
she doesn't because she now is kicked out of school. Which is better. She now
just doesn't talk to her. 

    At school...

Andie was getting his books out, and then he heard the bell rang. He walked to
class, like a chill dude. But he wasn't chill, he's just emotionless. "Cookie?"
Cookie raised her hand. "Andie." Andie also raised his hand. "Today class, we
are going to learn some more algebra." said Mr. Scoop.

    After classes and at lunch...

Andie took his lunch packet out. Ramen, eggrolls, juice, and apple slices.
Usually it's Wendy that packs his lunch and hers, and today is Andie's 'Lucky'
day. Sometimes Andie thinks Wendy treats him like child. 

    After school...

Cookie stalked Andie and Wendy as they walked home. "I must get h-him..." she
said creepily. She went back home and put some melted, sticky, cotton candy on
her mouth the next morning, and putted on some green contacts (eye contacts).
She put herself in innocent clothing, and walked to school. 

    At School... and In class...

Cookie poked Andie, causing him to say, "What?" Cookie pointed to her cotton
candy covered mouth. Andie took out a napkin from his desk and gave it to her.
She wiped it across her mouth. "That was not expected.." she thought, "But at
least I got a scent of him..." 

    At Lunch...

Finally! "Thanks Wendy." said Andie as he opened his lunch box. McRamen. A place
selling ramen and fast food. He got what he loved, the ramen fries, ramen
chicken sandwich, and ramen nuggets. After devouring these delighted items, he
talked with his friends. Jenny and Alex. Jenny said, "Well, we should go to the
mall to buy some clothes for our performance show!" Wendy and Alex nodded in
agreement, but Andie said, "We could find some clothes in our house." Jenny
said, "Well, those clothes are dirty forever! And we could get some new
clothes." Finally, Andie agreed.

    After school... and at the Mall...

Andie already found a nice hat and a simple butler suit, Alex found a wedding
suit with a rose on the left top, Wendy found a nice camo dress, and Jenny found
a great top and skirt. After paying, they went to McRamen. They ate and talked,
then left the mall and said goodbye to each other. 

    At home...

Andie saw two golden eyes at his window. He wondered it was Cookie. "Hello?" he
said. The two golden eyes then disappeared. Andie decided it was his
imagination, and continued to work on his homework. "Dinner is ready!" said
Wendy's and Andie's mother on the second Andie finished writing. He walked
downstairs and saw a cake. "Say happy birthday to me!" Andie said, "Happy
birthday.", while Wendy and their father said, "Happy Birthday!!" 

    To be countiuned! The End. 

## Flower Bunch. By Faye Ly. Made on April 16th, 2019.

Tira took some sunflowers, and then put them in her bunch. "Now where to find
some golden roses?" she said. She then found some in her friend's house. "She
won't mind." thought Tira. She then took some and ran. She finally found some
Baby's Breath Flowers and put it in the complete bunch, then writing on the
flower wrap, "Gold and White." Then, she hid it, since her family didn't allow
such flowers.

    ***

Soon, Tira wrote the last words on the flower wrap of red roses, cherry
blossoms, and white flowers. She wrote, "My Last Flower Bunch." and then
collapsed. 

    ***

The doctors said Tira had cancer. She had 10 days to live left. And so she
passed away after a week and 3 days. Her family had no grief for her. And soon
forgotten her, saying she was a burden anyway.

    ***

One day, Tira's oldest sister, Cinna, found  a lot of flower bunches. Then she
found the one bunch that said, "My Last Flower Bunch." Cinna showed it to the
whole family, after a few days, all of the family members, expect Cinna, had
gotten cancer and soon passed away. First with the mother, who died 5 days, then
their father, who died 12 hours and 2 days, then, it was their middle child,
Coco, who died 1 day and 6 hours later. Soon Cinna had a fortune and lived
happily with her ghost sister, Cinna said she was sorry and Tira forgive her,
since she mentioned her last flower bunch.

    The End.

## rap-a-quack. by faye ly. made on quack 16th, quack 19.

"quack quack quack." translating...  "you bones are cracking, it's the end of
world. oh wait it isn't for the birds.  your a burden, haha! that's it for my
rapping, no good quirks!" then the opponent died. 

    The end. 

## Math Time! The Sequel. By Faye Ly, made on April 19th, 2019.

Today we are learning about, decimals! Decimals are also a part of a whole, but
in a different way. There are two (three in general) types of decimals, tenths,
hundreds, and an extra that is thousandths. The tenths are like a whole number,
then a period and finally a random number (that is a one digit only). For
example, Eight Tenths is 0.8.  A hundredth is a whole number, with two digits. 6
hundredths is 0.06. Also, a hundredth that is 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, or
90 hundredths is equal to 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9 tenths. For example,
0.80 hundredths is equal to 0.8 tenths. Finally, the one that is thousandths.
This one is a whole number, a period, and 3 digits! Like, 10 thousandths is
0.010 thousandths. Now we are getting to the whole numbers. A whole tenth,
hundredth, and thousandth is 1.7, 1.80 and 5.709! They're pronounced (whole
number) and (decimal). 

That's all for today!

## Magic to the (School) Adventures. By Faye Ly. Made on April 19th, 2019.

"I'm excited for this school!" said Ferry, as he was excited for some new kind
of adventure. "I'm worried, what if it's like last school Ferry? A girl trying
to kill us." said Luna. ... There was silence, but Sun interrupted it, saying,
"We'll beat them up until they say em' sorry!" Sun and Mushie nodded. Ferry
putted up a thumbs up. And so they went into the school building. 

    At The Lockers...

Luna took out his History Books. Then, he saw a girl with brown hair and lime
eyes. "Oh, that's one of the new students there, Luna? Ha! He was probably
assigned the wrong gender, he has a girl name and pink hair!" Luna looked angry
and pushed that girl off the stairs to the 1st floor. Then he walked off to
class like nothing happened.

    While with the girl, Coco...

"Wee woo! Wee woo!" went the hospital cars. They took her to the hospital and
then they said, "She's going to be insane and kill others, but don't worry, the
medicine will clear that up in a day, and she'll also be here in a day, so don't
worry!" said a doctor. 

    Back in class...

"Okay, so the pilgrims.." the teacher kept going and going and going. "This is
getting boring.." mumbled Ferry. He doodled in his notebook until class was
over...

    When the bell rang and it was Math Class....

"Blah blah blah, I don't know math stuff? Okay class is over now it's lunch time
bye students." the teacher said as the bell rang. "Yay!" said all the students
as they were walking out and going to eat their lunch.

    To be contiuned... <3

## Deep down the Rock's Beauty. By Faye Ly(Sequel to The Ocean's Gem by Maxine
Ly)

Hey there! I'm Charcoali Mines. I'm a Charcoal Species with a pearl inside me!
I'm the Ancestor of Iron Polish they say. I'm not sure, I'll figure it out in
this story!

    ...

It was lunch. I saw two gals, I'd say. One was Topaz, and the other one Diamond.
They were the weirdest people you'd meet. They punched boys and other gals that
weren't called 'Gems'. What's wrong with that? They only be nice to me cause'
em' know I have a pearl as my life source. I'd ignore em' and go eat my lunch
Mama made me'. I'd eat the western kinds of foods. At History class of Good'
Gemmi Middle School, they told us about the Rock's Beauty. They had a middle of
a pearl, and polished petals of a golden' diamond. I'd never believe those words
in a million' years. Em' being thinking it' special, but I say it ain't not!
Flowers just lookin' pretty cause' they can. What's special bout' that?
"RINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG" said the bell. And I ran' with my two feet to PE. Then
I saw my opponent, Quartz White. She only cares about the outside of these
people. I don't know why, but she bullies 80% people of this peaceful town. I
then screeched at her lik' a snake.

To be contiuned...

## Peng and his friends. Short Stories. By faye Ly. Made on April 27th, 2019

Peng went into Iceo's freezer. He ate some vanilla ice cream. Two Baskets of
them! 

Pastel: "I'm pretty sure he's dededepressed." Fubuki: "What should we do?" Jace
began thinking...  Then, he got a idea!  Jace: "We should celebrate his
birthday! Maybe that's why he's dededepressed!" Fubuki nodded, while Pastel did
a slight nod too.  Jace: "Okay then, it's settled! We're going to make him a
snowy birthday!"

They starting getting ice cream while Peng slept, did banners and such. 

Peng: "Hey guys, what are you guys doing?" Fubuki: "We're just celebrating that
Bandanna Dee was here!" Pastel and Jace did a awkward nod.  Peng: "O..okay
then?" When Peng left..  Jace: "Phew, Fubuki, your a lifesaver!" Fubuki:
"T-thanks.." Pastel: "Guys, let's just get moving!"

And so they did. On the day Peng's birthday came, they finally finished the ice
cream cake.

Acuteo: "Hey guys, can I eat that?" Pastel: "No! It's for-" Peng would come in,
looking pretty sad, but all of a sudden, Everyone expect Peng: "Happy Birthday!"
Peng would look kind of surprised, then hugged them all.  Peng: "Your the best
friends ever!" Pastel: "Peng, watch out, your fancy bow tie is going to be wet
by my sweaty nubbies." Acuteo then screeched.  Acuteo:
"REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-"

   The End! <3 ## Peng and his friends. Short Stories. By faye Ly(Maxine Ly).
   
    Made on May 1, 2019

It was another day for Jace. Playing video games was probably the only thing he
did all day. It was 2:49 p.m. when Fubuki came in.

Fubuki: "Hey Jace, you been in the room why playing videos game, why not come
outside with Peng, Pastel, and me." Jace: "What about Acuteo?"

Then Acuteo came in.

Acuteo: "FuBukI, why did you forget me? ;^; " Fubuki: "Oh, sorry Acuteo.
Anyways, Jace, you coming? " Jace: "Sure." Fubuki: "Okay, me and Acuteo are
going outside, tell us when your ready." Jace: "OK."

As Fubuki left, Jace began to turn off his computer, and went to go get dress
since he was still in his pajamas.

Outside Iceo's, where beautiful flowers bloomed (Acuteo planted them)...

Jace looked exhausted, maybe from running with his two nubby feet. 

Pastel: "I'm glad Fubuki brought him here, he doesn't get enough exercise he is
probably minimum energy. " Jace: "Hey! At least I don't have sassy personality
100! " Peng: "Guys, let's go, the sun is setting! "

The sun looked like it was evil laughing. 

Acuteo: "Oh, the sun is insane again O^O! " Pastel: "Lets, just go. "

And so they did. 

At the park....

Peng: "From now on, I'll be doing a mile every day! " Pastel: "Your just doing
that cause you want to get slimmer, but you wont, you'll always be fat." Fubuki:
"Uh, guys, we're doing this for a reason..."

Fubuki would point ALMOST at Jace.

Pastel: "Oh yeah, let's go everybody." Acuteo: "Wait for me!!!"

And so they worked out.

Back at Iceo's...

Peng: "Hey guys! We're going to sell a new ice cream! Water Ice Cream!" Pastel:
"Yeah, so 'original.' " Jace: "Okay, I'm- "

Jace was interrupted by Acuteo.

Acuteo: "Let's go plant flowers Jace! We hadn't plant any since last month
together!" Jace: "Sigh, I guess your right."

And so they did planting the flowers.

Jace: "Okay NOW, I'm-"

Jace was interrupted by Peng.

Peng: "Hey! Let's restore the ice cream stock."

Finally, Jace couldn't take it anymore..

Jace: "GUYS, why am I being put chore to chore?! I - " Fubuki: "You got to do
something else than video games!!!"

Everyone else nodded.

Jace: "Okay..."

The End! 

## An fanfiction story. By Faye Ly. Made on May 2nd 2019.

As I wandered around the old place, called 'Beetle Kirby II's Kingdom." I went
inside the castle. There on in front of me was an cutter kirby hat. But this
time it had a bigger blade than normal cutter kirbys do. I should tell Fubuki
about this! I grabbed the hat and ran out of this kingdom.

In the old forest, I saw spirits that looked quite Mr. Fubuki and Pastel. One
with a ninja hat and had a blueberry color. Another one with a ESP hat and also
blue, but lighter. 

Then I saw..

Him! Gold, an kirby legend that people told. I was scared for my life. I ran and
ran as fast I can. My heart was beating faster. I didn't want anything bad
happening!

I finally was at the lab. Tired as I could be, I swam inside. Driblees like us
have to swim inside the lab, or else we could get kicked out. Expect for me. I'm
a assistant driblee. I still do that too. I swam upstairs, trying to find Mr.
Fubuki's room. There it was! A-3. I ran inside. "Mr. Fubuki!"

"Yes?" he repiled.

"There is this cutter hat with a bigger blade!" I said francitally. 

"Oh is that so? Go ask Pastel to study it. Don't worry calling me with Mr first.
Fubuki is just fine." he said politely with a smile. 

I nodded. I swam to Pastel's historian room. 

I opened the door, scared since Pastel usually kick Driblees.

"Oh man oh man, she is GOING to kill me O^O " I said as I opened the door. 

"What is it now? Asio?" she said, without looking at me.

"U-uh, I found this weird cutter hat a-and uh, it has a b-bigger blade." I
stutter. 

"Probably an weird edgy kirby named, hmm. I think Gold?"

I gasped in horror. So that spirit was him!

"I'll g-go now, thanks P-pastel!" I said.

I ran out of the lab. I ran, I saw the spirits. 

And then I heard a voice saying,

"Your coming with me." And that was the last of it.

    ***

"This driblee is disgusting! He's too skinny! Too pale-"

Nokua was interrupted by the spider king. 

"Can you please stop complaining miss?"

To BEE contiuned...

## Candy Candy. By Faye Ly. Made on May 3rd, 2019.

Candy candy that's right!

Let's eat with all our might!

We may be weak, maybe will sink,

But we'll rather eat than the candies being stink!

And so they ate the candy. Yum yum yum. 

And they got full.  And they exploded, and soon candy filled this world.

So kids, remind yourself, to remember people ate that candy that your eating!

The end!

## An letter (from the By Great Horn Spoon!) By Faye Ly. Made on 2019, May 3rd

    Dear family,

    It's me, your youngest daughter. You probably found this at the dinner table
    now. I have left and took the route of the Panama Shortcut on the Sea Raven.
    If your worried about me being alone, do not fret. I have Silas and Lillie
    by my side. 

    What have I ate so far? We have beef and sea biscuits. They surely taste
    different from our home, but still delicous. Dessert? We have dandyfunk. It
    tastes a nice taste. You may want to try it sooner or later.

    About our passeangers? We have Sally, a rich girl, and her butler, Quio.
    Another person, that is chinese boy, Dave. We have so many nice gentlemen
    and ladies on this ship.

    I have to end this letter. I'll see you with good nuggets!

                                    - Faye L.

## Skys from Above (An parasol related poem) By Faye Ly. Made on May 6th. 

    From the seas below, I see many people and creatures there. 

    I see some fish a an white hare.

    I wondered who was the owner. 
    
    I wondered and wondered.
    

    Until, I saw her.
    
    She had such nice skin, and blue and white hair. 

    I looked her, with such a stalking stare.

    I'm feeling quite guilty. 

    But a I send a nice parasol, with a texture really silky,

    And laces that'll help me.

## Peng and Friends! Story 2. By Faye Ly.

Peng: "Hi Fubuki! What your doing there?"

Peng had opened the door of Fubuki's room. Fubuki was drink ramune bottles. 

Fubuki: "A- Nothing! Just drinking ramune bottles as the usual."

Peng: "Oh, that's true. Anyways, see ya!"

Peng closed the door. 

Fubuki: "That was close. He can't know I have a ramune bottle obsession! o.o"

He put whipped cream in the ramune bottle he was currently, well, some of it.
The rest of it fell on the floor. He drank the ramune bottle then.

Pastel(out of the room): "PENG! WHERE IS THE [CREAM]ING WHIPPED CREAM BOTTLE?!"

Peng(also out of room): "I-i don't k-know!"

Fubuki opened the door. 

Fubuki: "I f-found it in my room."

Pastel finally calmed down.

Pastel: "Peng, next time tell me when you forget something in one of our rooms."

Peng: "A-aie Pastel!"

Peng was sweating. 

To Be Contiuned!


## Easter Egg- What? By Faye Ly. Made on May 18th, 2019.

Katey was wandering around the park area. "Now, if I was Nokua, where would I
hide such eggs?" she mumbled to herself. She then saw a rock that was a little
bit off from a hole. She said proudly, "Bingo!" Then, she moved the rock, and
there were all the eggs! "She probably thought that I'd never find even one, so
she place all of them in the same hole. No wonder it was out of place!" Katey
thought. "Found them all Nokua! You couldn't fool me." she said. Nokua came out
of the tree, looking a bit disappointed. "Aww, dang it. I shouldn't have
underestimated you." 

"We have a problem." Fubuki said. "I can't hide eggs, since I don't know where
I'm hiding at, and I can't find eggs. I'm blind, making that a problem." Asio
then repiled with, "Sir Fubuki!" he said. "I'll help you find the eggs!" 

"Thanks, but I'll just study for then." Fubuki said.

    ...Might as well end this part for now. To be contiuned!

## The Dragon Cave. By Faye Ly. Typed on May 18, 2019.

The baby fire dragon roared, as he tried to be scary, but failed miserably. "You
can't even roar right!" said a slightly older void dragon. That void dragon was
Void, of course. And the fire dragon, uhh, let's call him by Falcon. His name is
really Flamethrower, but he calls himself Falcon anyway. "Who cares? You're just a big
meanie that doesn't care about anybody's progress." Falcon said. Void looked
pretty angry and he was about to claw him until Falcon used his flamethrower.
"Ow ow ow!" said Void from the burnt scales Falcon burned at. "That's what you
get, mean Void Dragon!" said Falcon to him, in a big *brave* voice. "Free Time
is over!" said Wind, a Air Dragon that is the oldest parent of all dragons in
the cave. 

While Falcon was sleeping he thought of doing *great* stuff as a older dragon.
But he remembered that 

## An Fanfiction story part 2. Made by Faye Ly on April 21st. 

"Nokua, I told you not to be like that. It's our rules here." said the spider
King.

"Sorry, but he's pooor quality, he can't be him!" Nokua complained. "Who knows?"
he repiled. He took himself a collector, took some of Asio's blood. "Hmm..!" The
spider king was surprised. "It is reall-" 

"It's him?!" said Nokua, in surprise. They've tested many driblees, but out of
all of them, Asio was truly the one. "Great, now your like, 'Yay! We found a
random driblee that's one part god! Hooray!' It's not *always* going to be like
that!!

"...You little [kirby]." Nokua said wrathfully. "Language please." said the king
as he went back up. "H-huh? You're going to do nothing about this?!" said Nokua.
"Yes, it's your problem, not mine, Nokua." said the spider king with a smirk, as
he told the spiders to close the doors. 

*SLAM* 

    Asio's Point Of View...

I woke up. There were two kirbys in front of me. I was in a tangle of webs. Was
I going to be eaten?! "U-Uh, h-hi there!" I managed to stutter, but the rest of
the time, I was speechless.

"Stop acting so worried, they're not going to eat you, they're just wim-"
Katey?! Why was she here, and why is she in a cage?

"Katey! Why are you in there!" I managed to scream to her. 

"Oh, well, it's a long story."

"Ahem, let me say something, poor-quality driblee!" said a spider kirby to me.
She was a pale tan color, with white shoes. "We're *NOT* wimps. Katey, be
quiet." she said. 

"Well, you are." Katey spited back. "We're NOT." said the spider kirby. "WELL,
AT LEAST YOU ARE NOKUA." she said to the spi-Nokua. "Stop it, you two." said a
spider kirby with a golden bow on his hat. "W-Who are you?" I stuttered in fear.
"Well, I'm the spider kirby king, they say here." he said *friendly*. Well, in
my opinion... he seemed ..suspicious. 

"I'll be going now! Bye!" I said as I rolled and ate the webs. They tasted like
sticky soda strings.

I heard the voices of the three, but I was too glad to pay attention to them. 

    3RD Person point of view...

"Ugh, he got away!" said Nokua. "Calm down, Nokua, we have a plan B." 

"And what's that plan B?" Katey asked, in neutral tone. "Nothing of your buis-" 

"Well, Nokua, your always a fool." said Katey with a *shurg*.  "U-Ugh!" said
Nokua stubbornly. "Well, our spy is currently in the LLI Lab.." said the spider
king. "Do not worry."

    Asio's POV
## Peng and his friends. Short Stories. By Maxine Ly. Made on June 7th, 2019
5 years ago

A little ,white kirb was walk down the street as he saw something on T.V. It was
Bandana who had save another kirb from the darkness with Kirby. He knew when he
grow up he was going to be like him.

Present Time

Peng woke up to the smell of Pastal delcious cooking coming form the kitchen
from his room. He got up and put on his well-know bow tie, as he yawn. "Good
morning sleep head." Pastal said as she saw Peng walking in the kitchen. "Morning
Pasta." Peng answer. "I told you to stop calling me that!" Pastal said. "Yay
yay." Peng said as he got he bacon and eggs and went to sit at the T.V. Peng got
the remote and turn on the T.V.(Maxine:I don't know how with his hands, so don't ask me
>:(). As he sat down he saw Babdana on T.V. and remmber what he said.

Flash Back to 4 years ago.

"When I grow up I'm going to be just like Babdana!" A white kirby told his
friends."Good luck." said a yellow one, "You can do it!" a grey and icy
blue one called. "I belive in you." a purple one said. As the white one smile.

Flash Back over

As Peng came back to reality he said" I'm going to be a hero."

To the next day.

Peng woke up extra eraly to get his cape(Maxine: *Cough* an old blanket *Cough*) 
"Daa daa, Super Peng is here" he said as he went outside. He ran but tripped on
his cape.(Maxine: IT NOT A CAPE!!! Faye: yes it is >:3. Maxine >:O) He tumble
and fell in mud as he cried. After he finish crying he walk back to Iceo.
"Morn-" Jace said as  he saw his crying. "What wrong?" He ask Fubuki. "Don't
know." Fubuki answer. "Acuto can you go see what wrong with Peng." Jace ask the
gray kirb as she nodded. Acuto walk in the halls to where Peng room was. She
found it where it said" Jace's room" with ice cream on it. She knock on the
door(Maxine: This stories won't have logic OKAY.) "Coming in." Peng said. Acuto
open the door.(Maxine: Like I said no logic. Faye: Okay we get it.) "Peng what
wrong." as Acuto walk in. "It just that I try to be a hero, but insted I fell."
Peng said as he cried. Acuto knew it was best to let him be a rest. She went
back to the others and told them want Peng told her. "I know what to make hime
feel better." Jace said. "What?" Pastal ask. Jace told them about his idea.

The next day

Peng woke up to his icecream alarm clock. He turn is off, but was welcom to a
thropy that said"Our Hero" and a note that said" No matter the weather, time, or
, place you will be our hero in a cape.". Peng felt tears coming to his eyes as
he read the note. Loving to know that he was somebody hero.

The End of the story.


## Peng and His Friends(rebooted), by Faye Ly, made on June 10th, 2019.

5 Years Ago

As a white poyo with vivid teal shoes, known as the Iceo's owners' son, Peng was
bored while waiting for his parents to be done, and so he went on a walk. When
he came back, he saw on tv a waddle dee with a bandanna was with Kirby and saved
King Dedede from a jamba heart! The TV waddle doo said, "Our hero with Bandanna
Dee saved our king, and we're grateful to the others who helped!" As Peng
clapped his hands he said to his mind, *One day, I'll be like Bandanna Dee, a
hero.*

Present Time

Peng, now known as the Iceo's Owner, woke up pretty early, early like 5:00 AM.
As he got out of bed and rubbed his eyes, wore his now known bowtie, he gulped
down a mint, and left his room. 

In The Kitchen

Peng saw Pastel cooking bacon and eggs. In fact, Pastel was a great cook when
she was in school. "Morning Pasta!" Peng said. "..Do not call me that." she
repiled. She thought in her mind, *I wish life was a ad.* remembering she saw
Dimento and Friends ad, she shook her mind about that. "Yeah Yeah, but can you
just say Good Morning to me?" he said. Pastel said, "Good Morning, Vanilla
Cream." "Well, I deserved that." he said. As he went to the TV, he saw Bandanna
Dee saved the world with Kirby, defeated the most powerful warrior, Morpho
Knight, and even had teamed up with the Three Mage sisters! Oh gee, he even
defeated the most powerful soul in history! The memories were coming back!

4 Years Ago, at Peng's Birthday

"One day, I'll be a hero like Bandanna Dee!" said Peng. "Good luck." said one
with light orange body and blue shoes, and a flower on her right top corner of
her face. "You got this!" said a smaller one with wings, light green eyes, and a
gray body with darker shoes. "I know you'll do it." said the light magenta with
dark purple shoes. He was blind, that one. "We can believe in you and we will!"
said the last one, he was a icey blue kirby, with a kitty headphones on him. 

Present Time, Again.

...

...

...

"I'll be a hero."

The Next Day...

Peng woke up very very early, and got a old blanket, as a cape. Soon, he went
outside and said, "Dun dun dun! Super Peng is here to save the day!" as he
walked the grass fields, but trouble soon became him. As he was 'showing off',
he fell in a puddle of mud and got dirty. He cried and cried, until he was done.
He came back into Iceo's, with chokes of tears. "Good Mo-" Jace was about to say
good morning to Peng when he saw him crying. Jace ran to Fubuki's Room. Filled
with ramune bottles and a dirty carpet. "Dirty in a good way, as always." said
Jace. "Hey, Fubuki, what's going on? Peng is crying and he's dirty." Fubuki
repiled, "I don't know." Jace went to Acuteo's room, where BTS posters and loud
music is playing, also, meme posters. The flooring was memeing with troll faces,
Mountain Dew and Doritos, and that one video of 'Skidaddle, Skidoodle, The Ghost
is a noodle'. "Memed as always." mumbled Jace to himself. "! Jace! What are you
here for?" Acuteo asked. Jace said, "Well, Peng was all dirty and crying to
himself, like Dedede but he's dededepressed. Can you ask Peng what's wrong?"
"Sure!" said Acuteo. And she waddled away, waddle waddle, and she waddled away,
waddle waddle, till she came to Peng, bam bam bam bam! When the Acut- (Maxine:
ITS TIME TO STAHP! Faye: oh noes :o Faye: Don't worry I got a 'trick' on my
sleeve. (; ) And so Peng became sayori and hanged himself on a stick. The End

JK I WAS JUST LYING SO YOU COULD CRI.

When Acuteo came to Peng's Room (Faye: STOP, HAMMER TIME- Maxine: Woah woah
woah, calm done, you're making TOO much memes in this story. Let's just-), she
knocked on the door. Peng said, "Coming out!" When he came out, he looked just
as happy and normal and clean as he always was. "Peng? What's wrong?" 

"What do you mean?"

"Jace said you were dirty and dededepressed."

"Oh, that was just a fail trying to be a hero."

"Oh."

Acuteo waddled way then. What she didn't notice though was that Peng went to his
room crying. 

The next day, Peng woke up to his ice-cream clock. He got ready and saw a
outside room with sweets and treats and pancakes and eggs and bacon and-(Maxine:
STOP! We get the picture, Faye. Faye: Wait, Stop! Describing time!) dango and
mochi and bacon donuts and ice cream and sundaes and watermelon and more. It
looked like a feast for a king(King Dedede: Oh don't mind if I-f. Maxine: Stay
the poyo away!!!!.). There was also a throne(which is made of random gems By the
way), and a trophy that was gold(PASTEL DID ALL OF THIS [CAKE], SHE MINED AND
FOUND GEMS AND GOLD FOR PENG GOD SAKE). But all that didn't look like it was
rich was a note, and it said, *No matter the time, weather, nor place. You'll
always be our hero wearing a cape*. Peng cried, seeing others say the same the
things again (expect Pastel). And so Peng and his friends learned a moral today.
You've flaws, but that's OK. No matter what the time, weather or place. You'll
always be somebody's hero, in a cape.

THE END~ <3 

## fluids. By FAYE LY. Written on June 18th, 2019.

*FLUID G [PENDING]
MADE WITH: 
CHEMIALS OF FLUID T, FAIL.
CHEMIALS OF FLUID A, SUCCESS.
CHEMIALS OF FLUID F, SUCCESS.

PURPOSE OF FLUID:
To see with 2 succeeds, and a fail, what will happen? We did all chemials of
successes lately, and all of them are fails, including fluid T.*

"At last! This fluid is done! At last! Where is Subject O?" said a scientist.

**"AT THE CAFETERIA"** a computer repiled.

"Ah great, thank you computer 1097." bowed to scientist.

**"WHO ARE YOU?"** the computer 1097 said.

"I'm Jkia. Don't remember?" said the Scientist, known as Jkia.

**"CHECKING DATA... YES YOU ARE JKIA. YOU MAY GO TO LOCATE"** computer 1097
said. 

Jkia ran to the cafeteria.

    At the cafeteria.

SUBJECT O was eating some tough steak. Yum. It was the only good food she could
find.  "SUBJECT O! Where are you?" said Jkia. "Here. What? Fluid?" said SUBJECT
O. "Yes, and I'll promise you, it could be a success!" he said.

    At The FLUID TEST.

mSUBJECT O was shot with the FLUID G. It first tingled, then all pain came to her
senses. Wings shot out, a halo came out of her head, and a cat tail came down
from her waist. Sooner or later, the chemical was placed into her brain. The
chemical, ouch. She fell asleep. 

**ON HIATUS, THANK YOU! ^^** said this computer 600. Thank you, ans tay tuned!

## Magic to the Adventures! School Pt 2! By Faye Ly & written on June 28 2019

*As Luna was in class with Mushie, Ferry, and Sun, he was writing notes about
Math. 
